---
published: true
title: Women's Health: gender inequalities
layout: post
---
The health of women is determined by their social status and gender conditioning. Gender inequalities in addition to those generated by the social position of women in society, act on access opportunities, barriers and facilities to enjoy health. Therefore, despite the economic and social development, analysis of health inequalities by gender highlight the specific health problems of women.

HEALTH OF WOMEN IN THE WORLD

Women and girls in many societies are in a disadvantaged health situation due to discrimination conditioned by sociocultural factors.

The report,  Women and health: today's evidence tomorrow's agenda WHO , highlights and notes opportunities to make faster progress on health inequalities women. WHO concern that today has become an urgent priority for the reasons explained fundamental problems, some well known and others that require further attention.

This report indicates areas that have better information, and to engage in policy dialogue at national, regional and international levels, and seek more effective methods. The relevance of the reform of primary health care provided in the demonstrated  Report on World Health 2008: primary health care now more than ever  and emphasizes the need to give more importance to health women and improve the health of girls and women in the coming years.

The Spanish Society of Primary Care Physicians (SEMERGEN) with the support of the Ministry of Health, Social Policy and Equality conducted a research study to meet the needs in the demand for women 's health is based:  Health promotion and prevention of the disease in the XXI century Spanish woman .

Reference:
http://www.leahsfitness.com/truth-about-abs-review/